so he can probably wiggle his way
through into the main and he's going to
notice the lack of layer and that Mike
might make him very suspicious might see
him throw down a lot more cannons from
this point on actually I completely
forgot they know connect predictions
let's get a few of them zapatista rage I
guess rights cannot wait for pure to
tear this OSL apart baby three
exclamation points here's one from
divine legend I hope calm moves on as
well as fantasy go calm man that has to
be like eight exclamation points after
that all caps of course oh the Scout
goes down again i don't think that pure
saw anything down at the five o'clock
position he can assume that there's a
base down there but he doesn't know
about the layer so he's going to be very
scared about hydrolysed busting through
the front here's another prediction from
Marcus be quick calm and zero to the
round of eight for sure okay let's see
if that comes through the robotics
facility up the corsair going to get rid
of this pesky overlord scout i'm pretty
sure that calm scouted that robotics
facility yeah this corsair river build
from pure very very risky type of build
but it could work out great if he can
somehow lock down that five o'clock
position maybe go down there with all of
his troops because if he does you might
be able to snipe the lair and that would
be incredibly awesome for pure at least
not for calm couple of course Sierra's
going to that location now he's going to
get the full scout and everything he's
going to see that layer there of course
the layer has more hit points than a
hatchery is going to be harder to take
down but i'm not sure if yours going to
be able to pass up the opportunity to
tackle that try to block off the ways
that comm could get down there and calm
I think calm is going for muta lyst I
don't see anything else out for him say
I think he's going for a mutinous build
oh man too pure at least he saw that
layer so he's going to know at least
some layer tech is coming his way
scourge coming in if one of these
Corsairs goes that goes down this could
be huge oh man more scourge coming in so
yeah coms going to try to take that air
superiority trying to play
was the exact same trick not exactly the
same trick but he's trying to go for all
muniz again he said uh it worked twice
against pure last season so let's see
what I can do this season with Mutis so
pretty sure that mutants are on the way
because I don't see why you would have
this mini scourge out unless you wanted
to take that air superiority but pure
playing a little bit less risky this
time getting down some cannons inside of
each base before he txts up putting down
a citadel of a dune finally so he's
gonna have his tech all ready to go and
he has that river at the front is to
stop any kind of Ling run by that's the
only thing that comb would be able to do
on the ground and subscribe in here
trying to snipe a shuttle that might be
coming up that's not going to happen of
course with so many scourge out that
shuttle is in peril so hopefully pure
comes up with a little plan maybe try to
go away with this that shuttle split it
away from the Corsairs that's a tricky
little strategy that sometimes works
very well because the cert player will
see the all the Corsairs about it's like
oh the shuttle must be by those Corsairs
which isn't always the case picking up a
couple of zealots to hell and Pure's
getting ready to transition into a heavy
ground army to putting down three
gateways at the same time he's going to
try to get a little bit of harassment
here very smart from calm though look at
all these circlings position just to get
the scout on where that shuttle is he
knows this is coming his way now and
he's gonna Scout it with this circling
he Scouts the shuttles oh wow he's going
to come down here with all of his skirt
oh man a lot of skirts coming in this
could be horrible for pure this is going
to be all micro right now cuz that's a
lot of muniz and a lot of scourge almost
all the scourge melt on the river comes
in river is in there getting the
harassment in the the corsair spent
almost everything off destroying all of
the scourge too so pure did beautiful
job they're just the focus firing on
those scourge those were the biggest
threat to his corsair army and now he'll
be able to protect that river with the
Corsairs only calm trying to come in
pumping nothing but scourge but almost
all the scourge going down yeah it's
only about twenty percent of
scourge or landing and call calm has
kind of an excess porated look on his
face because he might lose his lair this
could be horrible some udaas at least
they're going to snipe that shuttle of
course there probably wasn't anything in
the shuttle the shuttle was going back
to the base to pick up another river no
doubt and while sniping of the eggs
another smart play from Puri kind of
focused focused on those eggs just to
destroy those and now calm is doing the
smart thing trying to keep those
Corsairs at bay so you can deal with
this down at the five o'clock position
Matt the lair snipe all you could see
calm when Singh they're like oh that's
horrible speed lots coming up now just
nothing but speed lots pushing the front
now this is brilliant from pure this is
going to get the job done right here
there's nothing in the means of a ground
army out for calm sosua scoffs he's
probably going to GG because he has his
mute is up but the Corsairs are going to
come in to protect those zealots pretty
soon calm was trying to transition into
a hydro army you see is hydrolysed in
right there but that is not going to
work out for am calm still going from
udaas he's not going for hydras at all
knowing he'll need a lot of munis to
defend against that the spire is going
to go down pure his split half of his
elet's into the main and half his LS at
the natural losing all of the mutis calm
man getting completely stopped by pure
here smart little burrow from calm it's
a little little bit too late and pure
looking kind of intense on his face
going nothing but speed lots right now
is a reinforcement zealots going down to
the five o'clock position because he
knows that calms rebuilding down there
and these zealots are going to destroy
everything even though there are some
circlings out those zealots have +1
attack so they drill right through the
zerglings Oh even more reinforcements
zealots coming out for pure and he's
already establishing his third base I
see him doing that over at the nine
o'clock GG all with such a nice play
from pure I can already see improvement
over last season definitely
hopefully can keep that going cuz pure I
think pure definitely has some of the
best mechanics of any pro two Pro
Protoss player I gotta fix that hair
though sure I mean come on you look like
a Protoss the actual race so let's get
that Protoss hair going take nukes
Protoss hair tips okay moving on to
group d